PHASE 4 PROJECT REQUIREMENTS

Welcome to project week. It is time to put together a project that accumulates all your skills from the beginning of the course to this point. This week, you will be required to work in teams and develop full-stack web applications.

This document provides a detailed description of what the project is expected to adhere to:
Minimum Viable Product
The web application you create must contain the following:
Single Page Client Application
Your client application should be built using the React library.
You should have at least 8 routes within your application.
You should have at least 5 of your app routes protected. (Protected routes are ones that require some form of authentication needed before accessing them)
You should allow the user to reset their password if they have forgotten it.

Backend REST API
You should have at least 8 endpoints. (At least 2 for each of the following methods:- POST, GET, PUT, DELETE, PATCH)
At least 5 of your endpoints should require the user to be logged in in order to access them.
You should have at least 4 database models, each model should have at least 4 columns excluding the unique identifier.
Within your database schema have at least two (2); one-to-many relationship(s)
Within your database schema have at least one(1);  many-to-many relationship(s)

Technical Requirements
Every single repository should have a detailed README file explaining how to set up the codebase upon cloning/forking 
Use JWT for authentication
Implement any state management library for the front end using Redux, Zustand, ContextAPI, or any.
You should have regular git commits, and the messages should be clear and concise.
Your application must be deployed and accessible through a remote URL. (You can choose whichever deployment platform you wish)
Your project should be structured in an organized manner.
Your web application should have proper styling. Ensure it looks professional and clean. Make use of frontend libraries like Bootstrap or TailwindCSS.
Your app must be a REACT frontend that accesses data from your FASTAPI  API. All client and API interactions should be handled asynchronously and use JSON as the communication format. 
Your entire app must run on a single-page application. There should be NO redirects. In other words, your project will contain a single HTML file.
Follow good coding practices. Keep your code DRY (Do not repeat yourself) by utilizing functions to abstract repetitive code.
Your repository should include a license. (Adding a license to a repository - GitHub Docs) 
Your project MVP MUST be completed within the stipulated timeline.
Since this is a group project, you are expected to contribute to a single repository. You can use this page to learn more about this: Git Remote | Atlassian Git Tutorial 

NOTE: UPDATE THE PROJECT TRACKER DOC EVERY DAY. LINK HERE
